and one more thing I like to I want to
go back to the Super Bowl for a moment
last week I issued a challenge to our
viewers as I am known to do from time to
time I asked everyone watching the Super
Bowl with their friends or family to
wait until the crucial moment in the
game and then unplug the TV now a
healthy fraction of the online comments
suggested that someone was gonna get
killed doing this no one was killed in
fact only 30 people were hospitalized
over it
but I asked everyone to upload the
videos to youtube under the title hey
Jimmy Kimmel I unplugged the TV during
the game and I have to say I'm very
proud of the many many people who did we
got some great videos and here now we've
compiled the best of the best
let the unplugging begin I'm sorry I'm
sorry
can you just not touch them what did you
just do you see that Christmas tree
right there
it said beware
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh
[Applause]
[Music]
Thanks
Oh fun